(Jincheon National Training Center, a new home for national athletes)
- Hello. - Hi.
What are those? I see blue and red flags.
(There are pink and blue flags that match their team uniform.)
We already split into teams from the start.
I've had the same team members for a while now.
- That's true. - I wanted you to bond...
- with your teams before your trip. - I see.
- He was preparing us. - How nice of him.
Does that mean Anyang Hothead is going to be the leader of the team?
- Anyang Hothead? - He's already fussy.
- He's going to make a fuss. - Right. It's going to be my team.
All of the members in my team are known to be hotheads.
I'm sure you know how Ji Hyo gets.
- Of course. She's a hothead too. - This is Ji Hyo, the hothead.
My goodness.
Everyone, this is a new training center for our national teams.
I saw this on the news.
- It looked really nice. - I didn't know how big this was.
(The center opened in September and can hold 1,150 athletes.)
So you'll form two teams of athletes and compete against each other.
I'm sorry. We're athletes?
- This isn't good. - I like it.
- Jong Kook is the only athlete. - I love today's theme.
Seok Jin forgot his cane in the car.
- His legs are getting weaker. - Look at you.
- He needs to go get it. I mean... - Hey.
Seok Jin, instead of trying to look young with your outfits, work out.
This is recommended by our country.
- What is that? - Work out three times a week...
- 3 times? - for 30 minutes.
So it's called 7-3-30 Exercise. Work out 3 times a week.
- 3 times a week? - Just invest 30 minutes.
But I know that Seok Jin lies down every day...
for more than 30 minutes.
- He does. - I'm good at lying down.
Look at Seok Jin.
Seok Jin, you're going to pop your knees.
- Don't overwork yourself. - Stick out your bottom more.
- More? - Your knees can't go past the toes.
- I see. - You didn't have to correct him.
- He was doing it wrong. - He could have just let that go.
- What's wrong with helping him? - I was just helping him out.
You'll be competing against each other as two teams of athletes.
Are there any sports teams you'd like to be part of before we begin?
(Sports team we want to be part of?)
- Sports team? - Hey, let's choose a cool one.
- Like what? - I like to be in a baseball team.
That's pretty cool.
- Let's choose the baseball team. - Baseball team.
It's cool.
(They're smirking.)
- Baseball team? - You'll be the baseball team?
- Unbelievable. - Why? It's cool.
- Let's choose the basketball team. - I can't believe they said that.
- Hey, you should choose gateball. - Seok Jin. Choose gateball.
- That suits you. - You.
What is it? Just go with gateball.
- Hey, you're asking for it. - No one feels intimidated by him.
Hey, calm down.
How about swimming team?
- Swimming team? - Hey, think about your physiques.
What?
- You'll sink with your biceps. - You're hilarious.
Shouldn't you guys be in a fitness team?
- There's no such team. - Fitness team?
Hey, you guys should form a team of hares and tortoises.
(I recommend forming a team of hares and tortoises.)
What on earth are you saying?
It fits you. He could be the tortoise.
(Jong Kook is a tortoise.)
- A team of hares and tortoises. - Should we be a team of big noses?
Should we be a team of big noses?
- Big noses? - Our noses are big.
- That's a horrible idea. - Seok Jin's nose is big.
- You should go with that. - Big noses?
- We'll be Team Hare and Tortoise. - You should be Team Big Nose then.
We'll do it if you agree.
- Fine. We accept. - We'll do it.
- You're Team Big Nose. - You're Team Hare and Tortoise.
Why are you drawing blackheads on it?
- Is that our nose? - Yes.
Is this a nose or poop?
That's a nose.
(Is that a fly sitting on top?)
- Hey! There's fly there. - So Min.
This looks like poop.
This is a drawing of poop.
That looks like a slipper.
(They're done choosing their names.)
- Before you start competing, - My goodness.
we'll bring in the hardboard panel.
- What is that? - What is it?
"Course menu depending on the get-together money". A get-together?
"Korean beef party".
Snack food isn't bad.
- Snack food isn't bad. - There will be ramyeon.
- There will be tteokbokki. - Today,
we prepared the Race for Get-together Money...
- for the members of Running Man. - Okay!
That sounds fun.
Each team will get 60 dollars of get-together money.
The winning team of each round will have the right...
to take the other team's get-together money.
The team with more money in the end will win.
Only the winning team will be provided with the menu...
that matches the amount of money. Please give it your best.
- Okay. - Okay.
Let's eat beef.
Before we get started,
we would like to introduce the new members.
They must be good at sports.
Then they must be cool.
- I miss Kang Daniel. - Daniel.
- This is... - This is "Sorry Sorry".
Super Junior.
(It's "Sorry Sorry" by Super Junior.)
- This is "Sorry Sorry". - Super Junior.
Super Junior.
- Super Junior is here. - Super Junior is here.
- Super Junior is here. - Eun Hyuk, Ye Sung,
and Dong Hae. It has been a while.
(Eun Hyuk was discharged from the army 3 months ago.)
- My goodness. - Welcome.
Hello.
- My goodness. - It's Ye Sung.
- Dong Hae. - Hello.
Give them a big hand.
- We are Super Junior. - We are Super Junior.
(We are the new members, Super Junior.)
Eun Hyuk and So Min are alumni.
(We are alumni from elementary and middle schools.)
- That's right. - Really?
- They really are alumni. - She has talked about it.
- They really are alumni. - Elementary and middle schools.
Are you alumni?
(Their friendship goes back 20 years to Neunggok.)
(The 9-year friendship from their school days continues.)
- They really are alumni. - She has talked about it.
- They really are alumni. - Elementary and middle schools.
- Are you alumni? - Eun Hyuk told us that...
So Min liked him back in school.
What are you talking about?
- What are you talking about? - Did you like him?
- For goodness' sake, So Min. - She likes everyone.
- She likes everyone. - I heard Eun Hyuk was popular.
- He was very popular. - That's right.
What was she like back in elementary school?
- She has always been that way. - Always?
Did she have a nickname?
In elementary school, the nicknames were based on names.
That's right.
However, this is a bit...
- Wouldn't it be okay? - I think I know what it is.
- What is it? - It used to be Jeon Cow Poop.
- Poop? - From Cow Poop,
the nickname became Milk Cow Poop.
Hyuk Jae...
- had a nickname, too. - What was it?
- Hyuk Jae? - Hyuk Jae.
Are you attacking him with his real name?
In elementary school, we teased each other like that.
It's understandable. You were children.
They are close. So Min wasn't lying.
We were in the same homeroom in fourth grade.
- Teuk. - Yes?
You don't look very happy to listen to the stories...
they share.
- It's an unexpected situation. - That's right.
You become flustered in unexpected situations.
He keeps sighing.
I didn't know Running Man was this kind of a program.
We need to hear from Super Junior since it has been a while.
Your hairstyle...
Isn't it too much of a Shinjuku style?
(Shinjuku style)
I feel like I am in Shinjuku.
I am sorry. I really wanted to say it.
It's too Shinjuku.
- Harajuku. - Harajuku.
It's Harajuku.
I really wanted to say it.
Don't you think...
your teeth are too white?
- I brushed my teeth diligently. - Is that why?
- Really? - Yes.
Your lips are too red, too.
Your overall look is too artificial.
(It's a combination of artificiality.)
He tried too hard.
Perhaps, it was on purpose.
These looks don't stand out in the studio.
- You're right. - But it's different outside.
I hadn't had many shoots outside.
I am so embarrassed. What should I do?
This is nice.
Dong Hae's looks rival Teuk's.
- This is... - Dong Hae always looks that way.
- His looks are natural. - He looks like an actor.
He looks like an actor from Hong Kong.
He really looks like an actor from Hong Kong.
(His hairstyle makes him look so.)
It looks like he was hit with a typhoon.
(Dong Hae needs to watch out for strong wind.)
To be honest,
when he runs outside in summer with this hairstyle,
mayflies will get on his hair.
That'll happen today.
Meet the new female members before you go on with the interview.
- Are there new female members? - You should have told us.
- You should have told us. - You should have told us sooner.
(I recognize this song.)
Red Velvet!
Irene and Joy.
My goodness, they are here.
They are Red Velvet!
(The beautiful rookie, Irene, and the fruit-like girl, Joy)
You are reunited with Kwang Soo after a long time.
- We were in the Couple Race. - You were a couple.
(Kwang Soo and Joy were a couple 2 years ago.)
As you can see, Joy...
(Joy approached Kwang Soo first.)
(The Couple Race gave him happy memories.)
I could feel her sincerity.
My heart remains the same.
However,
I saw him flirt with other women on TV.
He did that a lot in the past two years.
- He is an expert. - He must have done it 60 times.
- That's why... - That's not true.
I feel like I am on the hook.
Joy is ridiculous.
Wasn't she on "We Got Married"?
- Stop it already. - She was on it with Yuk Seong Jae.
- That's right. - Stop it already.
Why would you mention that?
- Joy was opening up. - I was just...
Why would you talk about Yuk Seong Jae?
- Joy. - Yes?
You were on "We Got Married",
but it's not an SBS program.
At least she flirted with one man.
- Kwang Soo did it with all women. - That's right.
Irene, it has been a while.
- The thing is, - She is very pretty.
we were sad to see you leave after a short meeting at the sauna.
Irene was in a commercial for a game.
- That's right. - It was really cute.
She should do something similar for Running Man.
Teuk is helping us host the program.
You should go, "Running Man!"
- Stop hosting the program. - I am in the middle.
It's like the Hairdresser Special of "Star King".
(The hairdresser can't stop hosting the program.)
The Hairdresser Special.
- My goodness. - "Edward Scissorhands".
I need to interview Irene.
- All right. - Please wait.
- Thank you very much. - All right.
Okay.
It's "Star King".
Irene, would you show us what you did...
on that game commercial?
Honey,
which game do you want to play with me?
(She suddenly becomes haughty and elegant.)
In that case, So Min will first show...
a gamjatang commercial.
Show us. Come on.
My goodness.
She looked graceful in it.
So Min looked elegant in it.
She made gamjatang in a graceful way.
You don't need to be intimidated.
- There she goes. - There she goes.
She is deboning the meat.
- She looks graceful. - She is tasting the soup.
- It tastes refreshing. - Then comes the line.
(My goodness.)
What was the line?
How would I know?
- What was it? - You are the model of the brand.
She sounds like Kim Hye Ja.
Gamjatang.
You shouldn't have mentioned the name.
Did you see that?
Irene, would you reenact the commercial?
Here she goes.
Running Man.
(Laughing)
Why are you laughing? This is what I did.
You are the one who laughed.
(She blames the others for laughing when she laughed alone.)
After laughing alone, she asks, "Why are you laughing?"
- I didn't even know it had ended. - We didn't laugh.
Excuse me.
I am sorry.
- The thing is... - What was that?
- I am sorry. - The thing is...
- What was that? - Nothing.
I thought he was going to hit her.
- What were you going to do? - Nothing.
It's nothing.
It looked like he wanted to add a comment.
- Like I said... - He was holding a camera.
He has a camera.
Let it go. Don't worry about it.
- Go ahead, and do it. - Don't worry about it!
I am curious.
- It's not a disposable camera. - I am very curious.
You didn't see anything.
- You didn't see anything. - Don't pay attention to me.
Let it go.
Dong Hae is crying!
- Why did you pester him? - Dong Hae is crying.
Do it when you want to.
- Dong Hae missed his timing. - Don't do it.
- We didn't see anything. - Don't do it.
We don't know what Dong Hae tried to do, but...
(The sun is bright.)
- Dong Hae. - Yes?
Are you posing?
(Teasing)
- People don't pose like this. - Is this a study on Dong Hae?
My goodness.
(I must take a picture of you.)
- That was what he wanted to do. - What was that?
- What was that? - What was that?
That was what he wanted to do.
- What was that? - Why did he do that?
He wanted to capture the moment.
- Okay. - Does it have film?
He doesn't use a digital camera.
No.
(He wants to remember the day with a disposable camera.)
The new members are here.
Before you recruit them,
you will get to know them better...
- with 3 and 3 Interview. - I see.
The two teams will take turns to ask...
three yes or no questions.
If the new members' answers are 3 yes and 3 no,
it's a success.
The team that asked the question will get additional 10 dollars.
If their answers to our question...
- are 3 yes and 3 no, - 3 yes and 3 no.
it's a success.
You must ask an original question that wasn't asked on TV.
If the new members think the question is unoriginal,
they can put a dot on the questioner.
Okay.
(They can put a dot on the questioner.)
(Jong Kook of Team Hare and Tortoise begins.)
When I met...
the members of my group, I thought to myself,
"How did they get picked?"
(I thought to myself, "How did they get picked?")
- "How did they get picked?" - My goodness.
Is the thought based on looks?
- What an original question! - It's possible to think that way.
Wait a minute.
Was this question...
approved by the team members? Did you decide on your own?
Even if he decides on his own, we agree.
It works that way in our team.
- Don't worry about that. - Are you...
- Are you really a team? - We are a team.
Haven't you thought about resisting?
My fists are clenched,
but I don't dare swing them.
You would think they would have a coup.
There should be a coup...
so that I can crush them completely.
Then they won't voice...
- any complaints. - He is scary.
(Trembling)
Now...
Is this question original?
- It isn't. I heard it often on TV. - It's commonplace.
- Is it commonplace? - Yes.
I never heard of it.
The tone of his voice was original.
- His tone? - Yes.
Right?
- Have you heard of this tone? - I was never asked in that tone.
- The way he asked was original. - It's refreshing.
What do you think about the question, Joy and Irene?
- You can reject it. - Joy can't hide...
- her feelings. - She laughed when I said it.
She laughed a lot.
It's...
not so original.
You have to put a mark on his face.
No, it's original.
(How can I put a mark on his face?)
- It's okay. - Why won't you do it?
It's okay to put a mark on me.
- It can be erased. - Put a mark on him.
You can put it on. As I erase it,
I'll think about you a lot.
You're starting to get scary.
(Your question is definitely original.)
I'm tired.
Can we take a break?
- Haha. - I'm really tired.
My heart is pounding.
Are you telling the truth or not?
- It's hard to tell. - Sit down.
(He obeys.)
Everyone.
No one wants to put a mark on him, so we'll answer.
In 1, 2, 3.
(I wondered how a member was cast on the show.)
Answer the question.
(4 say yes, and 2 say no.)
We need one more X.
- We need one more X. - Right.
I thought...
Eun Hyuk was the main vocalist of Super Junior.
- Me? - Yes.
- Okay. - Aren't you good at dancing?
- He looks like a good singer. - He's good at dance.
There are two groups of people at SM Entertainment.
There are people like Kang Ta...
- or Woo Hyuk. - Woo Hyuk?
The special ones are like Hairdresser Park Chul.
That's right.
(Hairdresser group at SM)
Does he mean Park Chul Hair Salon?
See how my question livened up the mood?
Was it unoriginal?
They're arguing.
- Eun Hyuk was popular in school. - It's a realistic question.
She keeps saying that.
Eun Hyuk was very popular...
- among girls in school. - Those who look ordinary and...
- talkative are popular in school. - That's right.
- It's because... - Please listen.
- How was he so popular? - He was very popular.
- Did he get many letters? - When Eun Hyuk liked someone,
people wanted to know top 10 girls of his choice.
I remember that.
People wanted to make it on his list.
- Was he that popular? - Yes.
I think So Min still likes Eun Hyuk.
- Me? - She likes everyone.
He told me that...
- you really liked him. - I didn't say that.
Didn't you like me?
(Didn't you like me?)
Why are you...
asking that question out of the blue?
- Start over. - Goodness.
Their romance doesn't seem interesting.
(They don't seem interesting.)
Seriously.
(Their type of romance isn't interesting.)
I don't want to see it.
- Dong Hae keeps saying that... - He keeps whispering to me...
- that she's cute. - So Min must be popular.
Do you like her?
I watched her on TV.
She acted so cute.
Really?
- Eun Hyuk seems upset. - No, I'm not.
(I have dibs on you, So Min.)
She posed for the camera.
- What? - She posed.
(So Min is cute.)
When the camera flashed,
my heart...
- Did it open up? - Yes.
Now...
- It's the other team's turn. - Is it?
Let's see how original it is.
- I'll say it. - That sounds good.
- Seok Jin will say it... - He's taking initiative.
- though we don't know what it is. - It will be original.
- It's original. - Definitely.
- It's definitely original. - He said it's good.
He hasn't been this confident in a while.
He's good at asking questions.
- I used to ask questions. - On "Star Golden Bell".
- I always asked questions. - That's true.
"I have been..."
"curious about other members' earnings."
"I wondered if they earned more than me, so I..."
(Yawning)
(Let's put a mark on him.)
"I asked about other members' earnings."
"I did some research."
Why are you drawing it?
Why are you? Here's another question.
(He takes a photo of Seok Jin.)
Here's another one.
(He likes to keep a souvenir of an unoriginal moment.)
I'll judge myself.
- Was he hit? - I accept it.
It's your last chance.
- "I..." - This is funny.
- "I..." - He's so naive.
"In the area of Seoul and its vicinity,"
"I own an apartment that's bigger than 99m²."
- What's wrong? - Why do you want to know?
Is that your question?
- What's wrong? - It's better to mark you.
It's similar to your first question.
Okay, I'll ask another question.
The marker doesn't erase.
Keep going.
What? Doesn't it erase?
Wait.
- Kwang Soo used a permanent marker. - I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
I used it before.
- It was in my pocket. - Kwang Soo.
- It was in my pocket. - It's permanent.
You're supposed to use this.
I wondered why I had it.
- I used it before. - No.
I'll have it my way.
- I'm upset. - I'm sorry.
- Let me go. Okay. - Seriously.
I'll ask an original question.
- "I have more money than Seok Jin." - What's the original question?
- Answer it. - That's enough.
I bet half of you have more than me.
Have you been drinking?
Here's a question that was never asked before on TV.
- I can't wait to hear it. - All right.
"I eat fish starting with its head."
(It's original but...)
Come here.
Isn't it original?
Come here now.
- It's very original. - What did you say?
(Neither team wins 10 dollars.)
It's time to recruit new members.
We will start...
Super Rookie Recruit.
(Super Rookie Recruit)
(The winner of the mission can decide his team.)
That sounds great.
- It's like a military draft. - Here's the first category.
The first test category is...
energy.
(Energy)
- Energy? - We need energy.
We need an energizer.
We have one on our team.
I won't tell who it is.
- Look forward to it. - When they were young,
So Min used to dance with Eun Hyuk.
What kind of dance?
We had a talent show in fourth grade.
We danced to "3, 4" by Roo'ra.
"3, 4"?
(It's Roo'ra's hit song in the summer of 1996.)
(It was a popular dance song during school trips.)
(They danced together.)
- Did you dance together? - Yes.
Can you dance as a couple?
I remember one part. I was on the floor.
I remember that part.
It was part of the dance.
(Everyone has tried this dance to the song.)
Doesn't it go like this?
- At that time, - I remember it.
I wore a short skirt.
I danced while wearing a short skirt.
It was too suggestive for fourth-graders.
(The dance was too suggestive.)
- What do you mean? - Come on, So Min.
Why do you say that?
It was too much for that age. Other kids screamed.
You screamed the most.
She's the only one excited.
People are talking about your sweet potato comment.
(Speaking of suggestive...)
(What is So Min's sweet potato comment?)
(Her comment was the talk of the town for a week.)
(Jae Seok's is this small.)
(Be careful what you say.)
(They're sweet potatoes that I picked.)
- Small Jae Seok. - Goodness.
Small Jae Seok.
Small Yu Jae Seok.
- In Korea... - My goodness.
Sweet potatoes remind me of you.
You should advertise sweet potatoes.
I have a lot to say,
but I'll keep my mouth shut.
(My goodness.)
This is where national athletes train,
so I won't say anymore.
- That wasn't my intention. - That's enough.
We all know.
(He looks at So Min with loving eyes.)
He's looking at her with loving eyes...
- and hands in the pocket. - Goodness.
He looks so cool.
(Dong Hae seems so cool.)
It's because I'm jealous that she keeps talking about Eun Hyuk.
(He's jealous that she keeps talking about Eun Hyuk.)
- What is this vibe? - Are we on "Love Letter"?
Are we on "Love Letter"?
- What's going on? - What are they doing?
What's this?
Dong Hae.
You sound like someone from the early 2,000.
(Dong Hae sounds like he's from the early 2,000.)
(Dong Hae's comments are unusual...)
(for current variety shows.)
- It's perfect for "X Man"... - "X Man".
- "Love Letters". - and "Love Letters".
It would have been perfect.
- It would've been perfect then. - You're right.
His comment is outdated, but it's still good.
Besides, we should liven up the mood.
Eun Hyuk and So Min were...
in the same class in fourth grade.
(Couple Eun Hyuk and So Min's talent show)
We finally get to see the performance...
as adults.
(He's jealous.)
Please play the music.
("3!4!" by Roo'ra plays.)
I haven't heard it in a while.
They're all grown up.
They grew up in Ilsan.
(They dance again after 20 years.)
They're from Neunggok Elementary School.
Which grade and class are you in?
- 4th grade, class 6. - 4th grade, class 6.
- They're Eun Hyuk... - They're grown up.
Let's go.
Here it comes.
(This is the first move.)
(They dance perfectly in sync.)
This is it.
(When Hyuk Jae claps his hands,)
(So Min claps hers.)
They remember it.
(Hyuk Jae and So Min are bringing back everyone's memories.)
Back in elementary school...
It's the rapping part.
(This part is mine.)
(Perfectly in sync)
They remember the dance.
(All generations dance together.)
They remember everything.
It's been 20 years, and they remember everything.
It's touching.
(We're Neunggok Elementary School's Roo'ra.)
Here we go.
(It's the between-the-legs dance part.)
(Lying down flat)
Here we go!
(They pull off the dance they found provocative back in 4th grade.)
Joy, lie down.
Please give them a big hand.
(We haven't changed a bit.)
- They were so cute. - They remember everything.
- Their bodies remember it. - They remember it so well.
They looked at each other and then remembered this.
It gave me goosebumps.
It was touching.
So Min, how did you feel?
It was a heart-warming moment.
- It was? - Yes.
I thought I had forgotten everything,
but when I saw So Min's face, everything came back.
Memories came back.
(Just by seeing each other's faces, they can go back to the old days.)
(Childhood friends, Hyuk Jae and So Min)
All the memories came back.
It's incredible. It gave me goosebumps.
- It brought back memories? - Yes.
When Seok Jin does this,
- he looks so professional. - What do you mean?
"I'm going to cry."
(While watching them dance)
(Crying)
- It sounded so dry. - It sounded dry.
- He said he was going to cry. - It was touching.
Big respect.
Everyone, it's time to test...
- everyone's energy. - Let's go.
- Energy matters more than skills. - Of course.
You just need to show off your energy.
- Just show us what you got. - Okay.
Give us some music. Teuk.
(Lee Teuk)
- Let's do this. - Great.
- Good. - Look at him.
- You're doing great. - Here comes So Min.
- So Min is dancing. - So Min.
- What is she doing? - And Eun Hyuk.
What are they doing?
What?
Gosh.
(I'm getting jealous again.)
Another one.
I love it.
(So Min is holding her fingers up.)
- Hey, when did you come? - What?
- Guys. - Gosh. What is this?
This is not a team dinner.
It's so old-fashioned.
Also,
let me tell you what bothered me the most.
Instead of just dancing, So Min...
(She was holding her fingers up.)
- Why did you do that? - What was that?
- Seriously. - She wanted to look attractive.
Gosh, you looked like a tyrannosaurus.
(Her fingers looked like those of a tyrannosaurus.)
It looked awful.
You have to forget about...
- the old ways. - Forget about them all.
You don't have to dance.
- You don't have to dance. - You don't.
Even if I give you a sign, if you don't want to, don't dance.
These days, you're expected to be natural on variety shows.
Get used to variety shows these days.
(Everyone, get used to the new way.)
This is so old-fashioned.
(I'm sorry, but...)
(It should look like this.)
- It's just like the old days. - No, it's not.
(That's absurd.)
It's back.
This is the variety show of the 21st century.
(This is the new way.)
How exactly is it different?
I used to step up and dance alone.
(Jae Seok used to dance alone.)
- He doesn't do it anymore. - These days, I remain in my place.
(Jae Seok is more cautious now.)
I just point out a few things.
- Like this. - It is different.
All right. Give us some music.
(It's the 21st-century style.)
- They don't have to dance. - No.
Do whatever you want.
This music is from such a long time ago.
(Dancing)
Jae Seok is dancing.
He wants to.
- He wants to dance. - That's why he's dancing.
He's a good dancer.
- What? - You don't think so?
Some are joining.
Right? See?
- Go. - Go.
Go.
(Others are voluntarily joining.)
- It's "Heartless". - "Heartless".
- Dong Hae, let's go. - Dance if you want.
Dong Hae, let's go.
(No)
(Jae Seok stops the music.)
- Why did you stop the music? - Why did you stop it?
- You said it was voluntary. - At first, you should dance.
- You stopped the music. - You said they didn't have to.
You stopped the music.
- You said we didn't have to. - But that's not okay.
"Dong Hae." He should do something like this.
This is not okay.
- It's the 21st-century style. - He doesn't want to dance.
- This is not okay. - How are they different?
- This is not okay. - We're sorry.
Our viewers are watching. Let's do this again.
- We'll play another song. - Play a different one.
Guys, like this.
- Like this. - What is this?
(Red Velvet's energy level is going up.)
Here we go. The beat is yours!
(Let's do this, Hyuk Jae.)
(Energy explosion)
Can I slap him?
(Slap)
Joy knows this song.
Line up.
(Joy encouraged others to join.)
- Here we go. - 1, 2.
(Slap)
Next.
(Next up is Haha.)
I want to do it too.
(Slap)
There you go.
(Joy's slaps give others energy.)
Joy is so good.
(Let's try it.)
(Joy's slap time is over.)
- It's over. - It's over.
(The energy test is over.)
- It's broken. - It's broken.
(Kwang Soo's phone is broken.)
- The screen is broken. - He stepped on it himself.
- The screen is broken. - The screen is broken.
(Kwang Soo broke his own phone.)
(While they were dancing...)
Kwang Soo. Oh, I'm late.
You stepped on it twice.
He can't blame anyone. He dropped it himself...
and stepped on it.
It made such a loud sound.
I heard it so clearly. I did it.
Kwang Soo must be so frustrated. He can't blame anyone.
I want to go fix it right now.
It's okay.
(When will we be finished?)
The second test is Acupressure Mat Long Jump.
Let's see who wins.
(Acupressure Mat Long Jump)
Acupressure Mat Long Jump? Gosh...
You'll jump three times.
The one who jumps the furthest wins.
If you scream, you'll be eliminated.
(Eliminated)
- Did you hear the instructions? - Yes.
- You jump three times. - Okay.
I think someone with experience should demonstrate.
Seok Jin.
(Seok Jin should demonstrate.)
Me?
You've done it many times.
So far...
- Show them how we do it. - Show them.
Seok Jin will demonstrate.
(How will he do?)
Guys. First of all...
You have to take off your socks, right?
First of all, take off your socks.
- That's the basic attitude. - He's very good.
You have to take off your socks as well as your shoes.
And put your socks on your hands.
(The next step)
- Really? - Put them on your hands.
- Really? - Yes.
To prevent injuring your hands...
- Put your socks on your hands. - To prevent injury.
- "Really?" - Of course.
"Really?"
You might think we start here, but no.
- No. - You start here. That's the point.
(You start on the acupressure mat.)
If it hurts, take a break.
Seok Jin, please speed up.
We're going to jump three times.
Ready, start.
Don't scream.
(Screaming)
(Moaning)
This is how you do it.
(This is how you do it.)
What do you mean?
You screamed three times.
- No. - I can't walk.
(Seok Jin's class is canceled.)
Seok Jin jumped about 4m.
So Min and Se Chan...
- They've never done it. - have never tried it.
- Right. - I've never done it.
Se Chan and So Min will try it.
So Min.
(Their first encounter with the acupressure mat)
I've never done it.
By the way, why do we put the socks on our hands?
I don't know. Haha told me to.
You don't have to do it.
(So Min is dusting her feet.)
Well...
Stop dusting your feet.
(So Min, stop dusting your feet.)
- Her socks are black. - So Min, what are you doing?
Your feet will get dirty anyway.
(She puts her socks on her hands.)
- You don't have to do that. - I don't?
(You don't have to put your socks on your hands.)
You don't have to.
(Se Chan and So Min are clumsy.)
- I don't have to? - Why do you do that?
- Why are these wet? - You don't have to.
But if you touch the mat with your hands, it hurts a lot.
Ready.
- You can jump on one foot. - Start.
(Screaming)
(Laughing)
It hurts. It really hurts.
(So Min fails.)
This part hurts a lot.
It's awful.
How do you feel?
(Taking a picture)
That was funny.
(Are you hurt? I'm hurt too.)
I thought he was going to help her.
(Se Chan's turn)
You have to clench your teeth and endure the pain.
- Clench your teeth. - You have to brace yourself.
Don't scream.
(Good luck.)
- Break your teeth. - Jump to the end.
(Let me try.)
(Se Chan takes a leap with determination.)
(His 1st jump lands him at 2.5m.)
- He's like a frog. - I guess he doesn't feel any pain.
- He's like a frog. - Hey, doesn't it hurt?
- This part really hurts. - I bet it's really painful.
Gosh, I guess he doesn't feel any pain.
That's the hard part.
(The last 5m is more painful as the bumps are bigger.)
Se Chan, the last part hurts so much. I'm not lying.
(This is a section no one can pass without yelping.)
You're going to hold it in again?
(Se Chan jumps energetically.)
(Son of a...)
Pardon my swearing.
(Se Chan fails to pass the hardest section as expected.)
No one can pass this section.
- It's really painful. It hurts. - My goodness.
- This is how it ought to be though. - The first part is doable.
I can deal with this green part,
but the second part is where it really hurts.
The 1st part is fine, but not the 2nd.
Why don't we all try this?
- I'd like to go 1st. - Really? Dong Hae will go 1st.
He must do well in order to take the first place.
- You can't make a sound. - Right.
- Start. - He's good.
Dong Hae used to be a good fighter.
(Dong Hae gives it a try.)
- So Min is watching. - Here I go.
If he can match...
(He reaches 2.5m easily.)
- He's really good. It was true. - He's good at jumping.
He's good at standing long jumps.
(So Min, did you see that?)
- That was his first jump. - That was great.
He's charismatic.
(I'm attracted to him.)
You'll be fine.
(After giving So Min a look...)
My gosh, what a jump.
Hey, you're good at this.
- You're doing well. - You're good.
I feel like I'm watching "X-Man" again. I'm nervous.
- If he keeps this up... - All right. Here's he goes.
- It's better to stay away from it. - Here it goes.
(At last, the hardest section of the acupressure mat lies before him.)
(Fearless Dong Hae jumps with all his might.)
(Will he be the first one to succeed?)
(That's incredible! After he lands without making a sound,)
(he takes a selfie.)
(I'm going to record the moment of my success.)
("Acupressure Mat Got Nothing on Me!")
(They respect his passion for photography.)
- He didn't make a sound. - That was seven...
- That was great. - His record is 7.3m.
(Dong Hae)
Joy, why don't you try?
Her record is 6.7m.
(She succeeded to reach 6.7m.)
Lee Teuk's record is 6m.
(On the other side, Lee Teuk makes a sound and fails.)
His record is 7.7m.
(Ye Sung takes the 1st place with a record of 7.7m.)
Eun Hyuk, you should give it a go.
- I lost out to Joy. - Now, I kind of...
- want to break the record. - I bet.
Eun Hyuk is quite athletic.
(Eun Hyuk's known to be a good athlete.)
But could I be able to break the record?
You're starting in five,
- 4, 3... - Hold on.
(Eun Hyuk leaps energetically.)
The highest record is Ye Sung's 7.7m.
(Eun Hyuk wanted to break the record. How will his first jump go?)
- Hang on a second. Wait. - Hey.
(He's surprised at how painful the mat is.)
(Forget about the record. He hits the road after screaming.)
He said he was going to break the record. He's really lame.
You failed.
- You failed. - Can I get one more chance later?
(Screaming in pain)
That really hurts.
We'll grant you one last chance.
(Taking his will into consideration, he gets to try again.)
(He successfully lands without groaning.)
He held it in.
- He held it in. - He might go all the way.
(This is his second jump.)
- He came far. - He got here only after two jumps.
(He enters the bumpy section with his second jump.)
- It only took him two jumps. - All right.
- This is your last jump. - Go on.
The colors of your lips and your hair are exactly the same.
- Your lips are purple! - Here's your last jump.
- You can give up. - The last jump.
- This is your last jump, Eun Hyuk. - My goodness.
Your last jump, Eun Hyuk.
(He enters the hardest section no one can pass without screaming.)
Jump now.
(Can he hold in his scream and break Ye Sung's record of 7.7m?)
Hey, it really hurts.
8.3m!
(He safely lands at 8.3m without letting out a single yelp.)
(He's in pain.)
(With his athleticism and patience, Eun Hyuk takes 1st place.)
(His feet are throbbing.)
(Their jaws are dropping. Eun Hyuk earns members' respect.)
(Eun Hyuk is in 1st place.)
- Good job. You have my respect. - That was amazing.
So that wraps up our game, our winner...
is Eun Hyuk.
You're in first place.
He should join this team.
Eun Hyuk is going to choose the members, right?
I don't like either of them.
(Dong Hae, Ye Sung, and Irene join Team Hare and Tortoise.)
(Team Hare and Tortoise versus Team Big Nose)
(Lee Teuk, Eun Hyuk, and Joy join Team Big Nose.)
Following the result of Super Rookie Recruit,
Team Big Nose will receive a Chance Card.
Nice!
That wasn't an easy task.
- You are divided into your teams. - Yes.
In order to get an upper hand to scramble for get-together money,
in each team, there's a spy.
(There's a spy in each team to win more money for the get-together.)
(Hold up. There's a spy in our team?)
- Are you serious? - What?
- That came out of nowhere. - Really?
- Who's the spy? - Right now...
What's wrong with you, Jae Seok?
(There's no need to investigate. Kwang Soo is the spy.)
- I knew something was off. - What are you doing?
How many times are you going to be the spy?
- No, I'm not the spy. - You were acting strange.
- There's a spy in our team? - I think I know who the spy is.
I knew it. When Irene joined our team,
I wondered why she'd come.
The spies must conceal their identities...
in the opposing teams and help their teams to win the race.
So the spies are going to help the opposing teams.
- That's right. - This is just like "X-Man".
The team who apprehends the spy in the final race...
will be given extra 50 dollars for the get-together.
(Each team has a spy. Who are these spies?)
Starting now, the spies should start their mission.
The rest of you must try to figure out who they are...
in your team and the opposing team.
- I'm an expert in this. - Right.
I'm going to catch those spies within 30 minutes. Watch and learn.
- I bet Jae Seok is the spy. - Aren't you the spy?
I'm sure it's Jae Seok. It has to be him.
He's known to be a spy.
Why are you accusing him?
- I'm not accusing him. - Why are you doing that?
There are so many potential spies in your team.
- Seriously. - By the looks of them,
- Lee Teuk has to be the spy. - Wait, Irene.
Wait, Irene. Why are you looking at my bag?
Are you the spy?
- I saw your name tag. That's all. - Is that so?
(Chuckling)
- I think you might on our team. - Irene is...
- It looks like you want to join us, - No, no.
Irene seems very surprised.
- I like my team. - Look at her.
We will start Guess the Amount for the Race for Get-together Money.
- Guess the Amount. - Guess the Amount.
Guess the Amount.
Let me explain the game.
The winning team of this game will be taking the money.
Right now, Team Big Nose has the chance to play this game first.
You can choose the amount of money...
you'd want to take among the amounts you see on the panel.
If your opposing team guesses the correct amount of money,
you cannot take the money.
However, if the opposing team can't guess correctly, you get the money.
(In a nutshell, the opposing team must correctly guess the amount.)
However, if the opposing team fails to guess when the team takes...
an empty briefcase, they will get the half of opposing team's money.
(This is a mind game between the offense and defense.)
(Will Team Big Nose be able to take the get-together money?)
Please discuss it among yourselves, choose the amount you want,
and let us know.
So many of them are reckless. I'm sure they'll go with 25 dollars.
- Do we have to pull this out? - What?
Hey, let's go with the highest amount.
Let's choose 1 of these 2.
You want 25 dollars, but you'll go with 15 dollars to trick us.
But then, you will probably choose the empty briefcase to fool us.
Hold on.
Come to think of it,
- Their spy is among us. - The spy.
Hey, don't make any movements.
- Wait. You can't write it. - You can't.
- Why are you picking on me? - Kwang Soo.
- Why do you think it's me? - Kwang Soo is not the spy.
- It's because... - Let's go with the highest one.
Hey, spy. Listen up.
Here are the numbers.
These are 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
- The head is number one? - You must be well-informed.
- These are 2, 3, 4, and 5. - So about the empty briefcase...
- Seok Jin pretends he's a spy. - The neck is number five.
He's trying to misinform us.
- That's what it was. - I agree.
- He's a strategist. - Right.
No one will believe him.
Don't even look at Seok Jin.
We won't consider him at all.
(Glancing)
I think they got the wind of this.
Really?
(Observing)
I think we should go with the big one.
- Big one? - What about the highest amount?
- Are you giving them signals? - No, no.
- You're looking at them. - Why are you looking at them?
- Why are you staring at them? - Why are you looking at them?
Jae Seok, don't be obvious. That's insulting.
When did I give them a signal?
- Don't make it obvious. - Hey.
- Why are you giving them a signal? - Hey.
There's no way I'd do that.
If I were a spy, would I make it look so obvious like this?
I can see right through you.
- Don't do it. Are we jokes to you? - Hey.
- This is driving me crazy. - Can we arrest him now?
- Unbelievable. - We have to do it later, right?
This is insane.
- All right. - Did you come to an agreement?
Yes.
The spy is carrying the briefcase.
(Will Team Hare and Tortoise guess the right amount?)
(It's time for them to guess the amount. Why are they hesitating?)
All right.
(Hey, it's the 4th one.)
The defending team must pay.
(Guys, it's the 3rd one.)
(I'm the spy. Let's go with number 3.)
- Hey, I'm sorry to point this out, - This is annoying.
- everyone is giving us a signal. - What are we supposed to do?
(They're all giving us a signal.)
- How can everyone give us a sign? - Everyone is doing it.
(Everyone is using their facial muscles too much.)
So Min, how many times did you change the number?
Why don't you use the sign language?
(Who is the real spy among the many copycats?)
Are you the spy?
My goodness! Jae Seok is really acting strange.
It's Jae Seok, the ultimate spy.
Jae Seok is the ultimate spy.
Really?
- The ultimate spy? - We'll go with Jae Seok.
You trust him despite the fact that he's acting strange?
- Are you doing that on purpose? - He's the one.
- This is all for an act. - Really? So you trust him?
- You know how spies... - He gave me a sign.
pretend to be dumb? That's what spies do.
He's not pretending. He's just dumb by nature.
(Kwang Soo claims this isn't for a show.)
- How could you do that? - I'm dumb?
It's because it's strange.
- All right. - Look at him.
(Did Haha and Dong Hae find an important clue?)
- Jong Kook. - He's making it too obvious.
- Come here. - What did you see?
Irene, stay there for a moment.
(Only real members of our team are invited.)
- Why? - What are you doing?
- What are you doing? - Come.
Irene is our spy.
- That's mean. They can't do that. - No, I'm not a spy.
If you do that, then we'll only look at Irene.
(Irene is left alone.)
Listen to what they say if you're a spy.
- Why aren't you listening? - Why are you standing there?
Why aren't you listening?
If you're a spy, listen to what they say and tell us.
- Confuse them. - Yes.
Irene.
Give us some information.
I'm on this team.
Give us information.
She's definitely a spy.
- She's on our team, right? - She's on our team.
- She sounded unnatural. - She's on our team.
(Discussing)
(Jae Seok shows 3 fingers.)
Jae Seok, that's not how you do it.
(What is he doing?)
- Do it secretly. - That's not how you do it.
Don't make it so obvious.
- Stop it. - Should we change it?
- Gosh. - Change what?
- Se Chan, you'll see. - Can we change this?
(It's 4.)
They changed it around. I'm certain of it.
A moment ago...
(Who is the real spy?)
All right. We'll trust our spy.
- What do you choose? - We'll trust our spy, Jae Seok.
(Will they trust Jae Seok and choose number 3?)
- Number 3? - Okay. Number 3.
(Suddenly)
- 1. - 2.
3.
(1, 2, 3)
What are you doing?
- What did you do? - Why would you do that?
- What did he do? - I love it. That was clever.
- Why are they choosing number 3? - It's number 3.
Really?
Let's trust Jae Seok, and choose number three.
- Number three? - Yes.
- 1, 2, 3. Number 3. - Number 3.
(If Jae Seok is a spy, the defense team will keep their money.)
Please open the suitcase.
(If he is not, they'll lose their money.)
- I'm jealous. - So am I.
They found the spy at once.
(Is it really 20 dollars as Jae Seok said?)
(What's the result?)
- Yes! - Number four!
(It was number 4, 25 dollars.)
(Jae Seok's strategy worked.)
- Give us 25 dollars. - Give us 25 dollars.
(When Jae Seok looked stupid, he wasn't acting.)
- Hold on. - By the way...
- Those two... - Wasn't Kwang Soo acting strange?
Kwang Soo was doing this.
So Min too.
(Did Kwang Soo and So Min send them a signal?)
(5 minutes ago)
- It's so hard. - If they choose the wrong one...
(What?)
(They both showed 4 fingers.)
(Kwang Soo did it many times.)
- They were... - Kwang Soo was...
When they were going to choose number three...
- Like this? - Did you hear it?
It's because they wouldn't think I was a spy.
Is it true?
They didn't think I was a spy, that's why I showed four.
- What about you? - Me too.
I saw clearly,
when we opened the suitcase,
So Min wasn't happy.
(So Min wasn't happy when they won.)
(When they opened the suitcase...)
(She didn't smile right away.)
(She doesn't sound sincere.)
I was happy.
Team Hare and Tortoise's defense failed.
- Team Big Nose has 85 dollars. - So Min is not a spy.
Team Hare and Tortoise has 35 dollars.
(Which team will win money in the next round?)
(The next round takes place on a track.)
You fall into the water.
- It's water. - What's that?
- Are we falling into the water? - What's that?
- We're falling into the water? - Gosh.
- Are we falling into the water? - We're falling into the water.
(7 platforms, a mini pool, and a conveyor belt)
The second mission for Race for Get-together Money is...
While You're Busy.
(While You're Busy)
You play dibidibidip against seven people.
While a member of the offense team plays,
a member of the same team sits on the conveyor belt...
while it moves towards the pool.
(The player has to save the one on the conveyor belt.)
You must beat all seven opponents before your team member falls in,
run to the conveyor belt, and take the cushion away.
Another member will take over.
Every time someone is saved, the conveyor belt will speed up..
(The speed of the conveyor belt will increase.)
To win, you have to save more members than the other team.
The winners will gain the right to attack in Guess the Amount.
(Round 1, Offense: Team Big Nose Defense: Team Hare and Tortoise)
Let's do this!
- Let's go! - Let's finish this in one try!
We'll cheer for you.
(Joy will play dibidibidip. Kwang Soo sits on the belt.)
- Joy, focus. - Ready.
(Joy has to beat all 7 opponents...)
(and save Kwang Soo before he falls into the water.)
Dibidibidip.
Joy, hurry. Don't laugh.
(Kwang Soo is moving towards the pool.)
(Dibidibidip)
- You have no time for laughing. - You have no time for laughing.
Hurry.
I'm almost there.
(Fussing)
I can feel the cold.
(Joy is struggling.)
I think she's taking time on purpose.
(If Joy is a spy, she should take time.)
(Kwang Soo is approaching the pool.)
- Good. - Two more to go.
- Please! - Dibidibidip.
(Please save me!)
(She just needs to beat Haha.)
(Kwang Soo falls in.)
Please!
(Just when Joy beats Haha, Kwang Soo falls in.)
(Why does this always happen to Kwang Soo?)
(They can feel the cold.)
My goodness.
Is this iced water?
It is.
- I'm sorry. - Forget it.
(Cold)
You're a spy.
- I did my best. - Joy.
(Joy was acting suspiciously.)
(Laughing)
(She was so relaxed.)
(Sighing)
(She sighed when she succeeded.)
(Is Joy a spy?)
Jae Seok, you should fall into the water too.
Ready.
Should Joy continue?
- Let me try. - No.
- Let me try. - Let me try.
- Let me try. - I'll try.
- Eun Hyuk should try. - Let me try.
- Eun Hyuk should try. - Please.
- Let me try. - Eun Hyuk should try.
I fell into the water. Let me try!
Joy.
No one cares about me!
(He fell in, but no one cares.)
- I'll try. - Eun Hyuk, beat them all.
I'll catch their movement.
- Let's go. - I'll show you.
Ready, set...
- Dibidibidip. - It's so fast.
(The speed has increased.)
- Dibidibidip. - He's bad.
(We're doomed.)
It's moving so fast.
- Dibidibidip. - You shouldn't be slower than me.
(He fails every time.)
- Eun Hyuk. - Dibidibidip.
You're slower than me.
(He's so bad.)
(Angry)
You're slower than me.
(Jae Seok gives up.)
(He can't believe it.)
(Jae Seok falls in.)
(Eun Hyuk is trying so hard.)
He's a spy.
- He's a spy. - Eun Hyuk.
- The thing is... - He's a spy.
(He can't be this bad.)
(Was it you?)
- It was so obvious. - It showed.
You're a spy!
- Eun Hyuk. - It's not true.
It's so obvious.
I can't believe this.
(They have a good reason to suspect him.)
(30 minutes ago, they were practicing.)
- Dibidibidip. - Eun Hyuk is good.
How do you do that?
(Tell me.)
(He was considered an ace.)
(In the real game, he was so bad.)
(He was laughed at.)
(Even when he succeeded,)
(he continued.)
(They have no choice but to suspect him.)
- You try. - Let me try.
I did my best.
- I'll show you how to play. - You were so good earlier.
Try. It's really...
- Eun Hyuk. It was too... - Trust me.
I trust you.
- I'm disappointed. - I trust Seok Jin.
You're suspicious.
- I'll show you. Let's go. - Let's go.
This game was invented on a show he hosted.
- That's right. - He's the father of this game.
(Dibidibidip was invented on "Six Heroines".)
(Seok Jin was the host of the show.)
(Let me show you the original way.)
(Seok Jin was there when dibidibidip was invented.)
- Ready. - Please.
(Dibidibidip)
Dibidibidip.
He's bad.
Get ready.
(You said you invented this game.)
(He's doing his best.)
(He beats Se Chan.)
It's over.
What? Continue.
(What? Continue.)
I lost.
(Is he a spy?)
(Seok Jin loses his focus.)
(What should we do?)
(Teuk gives up.)
(Seok Jin fails as predicted.)
I can't believe him.
(I can see all your movements.)
We should write, "spy", on him.
Even when he succeeded, he wouldn't move.
He just continued.
(Everyone wishes he was a spy.)
(I'll show you my ability next time.)
(All three members of Team Big Nose have failed.)
Dong Hae must be a spy.
(Is Dong Hae a spy?)
He lost at once.
- Dong Hae... - He lost at once every time.
showed his position even before I was in front of him.
He must be a spy.
He raised his hand.
He took a position while I was on the way.
He's suspicious.
(Dong Hae has been acting suspiciously.)
- Doesn't it work? - Dibidibidip.
- Joy. - Hey.
(He loses in one try.)
(He moves one beat faster and groans too quickly.)
(As a spy, is Dong Hae losing on purpose?)
What was that? He's strange.
He keeps doing the same thing.
Let's switch places.
Okay.
- How can I do well? - What's the order?
(Round 2, Defense: Team Big Nose Offense: Team Hare and Tortoise)
- Go up. - Anyone should play.
- Who will go? - I'll play.
- Okay. - I'll tell you.
I'll fall in anyway.
The order is rock, scissors, and paper.
- Okay. - Listen carefully.
- It's rock, scissors, and paper. - Rock, scissors, and paper.
Let's go.
- This moves faster than you think. - Okay.
- Get ready. - You must play in one go.
Start.
It's faster than you think.
- Dibidibidip. - What?
- Dibidibidip. - That's good.
(He passes in one go.)
(He passes two.)
(He passes three.)
(Haha attacks successfully three consecutive times.)
- What? - Dibidibidip.
(Kwang Soo plays slowly.)
Look at him.
What's going on?
(Dibidibi...)
(He hits him.)
What was that for?
- What was that? - Why did you hit me?
You can't do that.
Make it go back.
(Let's play it again.)
Come on, Kwang Soo.
- You should keep going. - That's cheating.
- He played slowly on purpose. - No.
- You copied me. - Okay.
- Okay, go. - You must do it quickly.
- Get ready. - Come on, Kwang Soo.
Dibidibidip.
Hurry up, Haha.
- Dibidibidip. - Let's go, Haha.
- You got it. - Dibidibidip.
You almost got it, Haha.
Dibidibidip.
(You can do it, Haha.)
Haha, I'm almost there.
(She keeps defending.)
I'm almost there, Haha.
That's right.
(So Min defends well, and Haha fails.)
Kwang Soo was being so mean.
(That was such a dirty play.)
It was because of him.
- I couldn't help it. - What did you do?
I couldn't help it.
Kwang Soo is no longer the spy.
He's no longer a candidate.
What are you talking about?
I did it without realizing it.
All right, let's go.
I'm sorry, but I was so frustrated.
- Is that so? - Why are you crying?
- 1, 2... - Okay, let's go.
Get ready.
(Jong Kook plays while Ye Sung rides.)
Start.
Dibidibidip.
(He's too fast.)
- Dibidibidip. - He's too fast.
- He plays too fast. - Dibidibidip.
- He's too fast. - Dibidibidip.
(He pushes him off.)
(Dibidibi...)
Do it again.
- It's dibidibidip. - What was that?
- What happened? - Time out.
Start over.
- Seriously. - Start over.
- It's too fast. - He plays too fast.
We should start over.
I can't hear him. He's too fast.
- It doesn't count. - I can't understand you.
- Dibidibidip? I got it. - Stop.
Get ready.
- Say it clearly. - Start.
(Let's play fair.)
Dibidibidip.
(Why is he holding a fist?)
- Dibi... - What did you do?
- Dibidibidip. - You can't make a fist.
What are you doing?
(He doesn't care.)
- Dibidibidip. - Wait a minute.
(He makes ambiguous shapes.)
That's not acceptable.
- No way. - Wait.
Jong Kook did it first.
- What do you mean? - This is what he did.
- Start over. - Start over.
- Start over? - Jae Seok and Kwang Soo are warned.
- Start from the beginning. - Why are we warned?
Jong Kook made a fist.
Your judgment is biased.
You're Jong Kook's slave.
Start over.
- Let's play seriously. - Okay.
Let's start. Don't play too fast.
- Okay. - Get ready.
Start.
Dibidibidip.
(Jong Kook attacks successfully.)
(He passes the second player.)
(Next is Jae Seok's turn.)
My foot is asleep.
Time out. His foot is asleep.
My goodness.
He's being serious.
- Are you telling the truth? - Come on.
His foot is asleep.
- When did it happen? - Which foot is asleep?
I'll massage it you.
(Physical therapist Jong Kook tries to treat him.)
I'm sorry.
Which part is asleep?
- Which part? - I'm sorry.
We'll move you back.
Start from here.
Get ready, set, go.
(Round 2 resumes.)
- Okay. - Dibidibidip.
- What was that? - Dibidibidip.
- Dibidibidip. - That doesn't count.
(If he wins Eun Hyuk, he can save Ye Sung.)
Save him.
(He attacks successfully.)
- All right. - Okay.
(It's their first victory thanks to Jong Kook.)
Great job.
He won again.
(He succeeds again.)
(Team Hare and Tortoise wins.)
- That was unfair. - We should have...
We could have done better.
- Right? - Goodness.
Team Hare and Tortoise is ahead.
Jong Kook and Haha should play.
- Okay. - Let's do that.
Haha, your team already won.
- You know what I mean? - You don't need to win again.
(Jong Kook is on the conveyor belt.)
(Falling in cold water is not a big deal.)
- You don't need to win again. - Get ready.
(Will Haha prevent Jong Kook from falling in the water?)
Start.
(Round 3 starts.)
- Dibidibidip. - Take your time.
Dibidibidip.
- Dibidibidip. - You're almost there.
- You're almost there. - Dibidibidip.
(What fun! They're dancing.)
(It's performance art.)
My goodness.
What's wrong?
Two of you, come here.
Why?
I was working hard.
Have you lost your mind? Do it properly.
- What's wrong with you? - Start over.
- Will you do better? - Let's start over.
Do a better job.
Jae Seok plays well.
He's good on defense.
Attack and defense are different.
He was right there.
Get ready.
Start.
Dibidibidip.
(They both play fair.)
(Kwang Soo takes his time.)
What is he doing?
- He lost. - I lost.
I lost, okay?
- He lost. - Go back.
Why did you jump?
It's because I'm cold.
- I'm cold. - My goodness.
He mistrusts us.
- By the way... - What's going on?
let's watch them play together.
Let's see if there's an end to their game.
- Will they play? - The two of you should play.
- We're doing it properly. - Try it.
- You should play. - What's wrong?
- Try it. - That's nonsense.
Dibidibidip.
(Two cheaters play against each other.)
(Here comes my attack.)
What are you doing?
- The winner will be determined. - We're just playing.
The winner will be determined.
- We're just playing. - They play the same.
- Are you better? - That's right.
Let's play again.
I'll be serious.
- Come on. - Do it properly.
Get ready.
Dibidibidip.
(He attacks Kwang Soo successfully.)
- He got it. - Dibidibidip.
(He attacks Seok Jin successfully.)
- He got it again. - Dibidibidip.
(So Min and Eun Hyuk remain.)
Dibidibidip.
(He attacks Kwang Soo successfully.)
- He got it. - Dibidibidip.
(He attacks Seok Jin successfully.)
- He got it again. - Dibidibidip.
(So Min and Eun Hyuk remain.)
- He got it. - Dibidibidip.
Dibidibidip.
- So Min is good. - She's doing well.
(She doesn't budge.)
- So Min. - Come on.
Dibidibidip.
(So Min is doing well.)
(So Min defends herself 8 times.)
So Min.
(Jong Min falls in the water.)
(So Min is amazing at playing defense.)
That was great, So Min.
- Good job, So Min. - That was impressive.
- So Min was great. - She was.
Team Hare and Tortoise wins.
(The winner is Team Hare and Tortoise anyway.)
You win the prize.
We feel bad even after winning.
- I know. - That's true.
(The teams' fate will be determined in the final race.)
- Here it is. - What is it?
- Number four. - Okay.
The final race for Race for Get-together Money...
is Race With Bells.
(Race With Bells)
Is it a race with bells?
- It's been a while. - It's a race?
You have 15 minutes to attack.
The attacking team rips off the name tag of the defending team.
The defending team has to hide from them...
and find 100 dollars of get-together money.
There are 10 of them with 10 dollars each.
If the spy finds the money,
that amount is deducted from your total.
(If each team's spy finds the money, that amount is deducted from total.)
(The amount is deducted from the get-together money?)
If the spy finds it?
We have to look.
That's scary.
At the conclusion of the race, if you find the spy by majority vote,
you get 50 dollars extra.
This is big.
They're all acting weird, so it's hard to tell.
(The key is to find the hidden spy.)
(Will they be able to accumulate money and avoid the spy?)
I'm good at smelling money.
We have to find it.
You can't just keep hiding.
- You have to find the money. - That's right.
The spy will find the money and throw it away.
- That's right. - Right?
You answered.
Because I'm on TV.
I'm sorry,
but compared to when we started,
you look seriously ill.
(He looks somewhat darker.)
- Did my hair get flat? - Your lip color got lost.
Your lip is not red anymore.
- Your hair got flat. - It did?
Do I look old? That's no good.
(It was the ultraviolet light.)
I was hiding it.
Teuk doesn't...
do well outdoors.
He doesn't.
I've never seen his real lip color.
- I guess it's always this color. - Is it too violet?
I'm Kang Soo Jee.
- Good one. - He's really funny indoors.
He talks a lot when there's roof over him.
- We have the roof. - That was good.
- That was good, right? - We have to find the spy.
This is awesome.
(Meanwhile, Team Hare and Tortoise heads to the headquarters.)
- This is paradise for Jong Kook. - It is.
- This is insane. What's all this? - It's paradise.
This is paradise.
(It's full of workout equipment.)
Take a picture of this.
This is awesome.
(It's fitness facility for national-level athletes.)
This is a chest press machine.
- This is so nice. - He's so happy.
Is this paradise?
This is his amusement park.
This is so nice.
- Right? - Oh, dear.
(He doesn't care about the Name Tag Elimination anymore.)
Haha, check out the angle.
This one is really rare.
- This is new. - It's new?
This is awesome for working out the lower body.
We'll get started once you get your bells.
I'm scared.
I hope Eun Hyuk can distract them.
I'll try.
They can't catch you, so you can lure them.
I'll try to distract them.
We have to find out who the spy is in our team.
Do you win by having more money or having less people eliminated?
In the end, the team with more money wins.
So you have to have more money.
What adults say is true.
You need to have money when you're old.
Money is the best.
Stop saying weird things.
- Stop talking to yourself. - Okay.
Let's get started with the race.
- All right. - We can do this.
- We can do this. - We can do this.
Let's do a team cheer.
- In 1, 2, 3. - In 1, 2, 3.
- Let's go! - Let's go!
Don't forget about the spy.
We have to eliminate them as fast as possible.
- 5, 4, - How do we get out?
3, 2, 1.
Race starts.
- Start. - You have to be careful.
We have to go to the other building, right?
Are we going to eliminate the spy too?
Just eliminate everybody. It doesn't matter who they are.
Be careful.
Be careful once you get outside.
They must have this there too.
Let's run. We have no time.
How do we catch them?
Box, box...
(There are 10 small boxes with 10 dollars each.)
(They must find it quickly to add to the get-together money.)
(Jingle)
I hear the bell. It's the bell.
It's the bell.
Where? From where?
From where?
- There they are. - Go up there.
Go outside. Corner them to there.
What do we do?
(They're frightened.)
- Hey. - Let's hide.
(They're coming. Let's hide.)
(We heard them near here.)
Please let me go. Just this time.
(She was hiding in the other team's headquarters.)
Please let me go. I could be the spy.
Just this time.
My cameraman was so slow.
- I already saw you. - What's wrong?
I can't trust anybody.
Don't be like this.
- I'll find it. - We can't let her go, right?
Tell me who the spy is on your team.
The spy? I think... I'll tell you, so please let me go.
- Okay. - You can rip it later.
- There are two candidates. - Who?
Eun Hyuk or Lee Teuk.
(She thinks it's either Eun Hyuk or Lee Teuk.)
Come on, Ye Sung.
- We shouldn't let her go. - Ye Sung.
Ye Sung, please let me go.
Ye Sung, I...
(She lies down.)
Who's that?
They're there.
They're over there.
Why are they gathered there?
Watch her. I'll get going.
They came in.
- They just came in. - Can I go?
- Just this time. - So Min.
(I'm coming to get you.)
(I can't get caught now.)
(I'm following you until the end.)
He's coming.
(When are you going to stop?)
(Se Chan spots Kwang Soo running away.)
(He plans to corner him and catch him.)
Corner him.
(You're going to corner me?)
(He changes direction.)
(Dashing)
(Kwang Soo is gone, and Seok Jin is left behind.)
Go, Kwang Soo.
- Rip it. - Go, Kwang Soo.
(Ripping)
I saved Kwang Soo.
I...
(Seok Jin is out.)
I saved Kwang Soo.
Kwang Soo, please do my share!
Wait... Hold on.
Where do I find it? This place is huge.
This place is huge.
(Is that Eun Hyuk?)
(The hunt begins.)
He's fast.
(He's fast.)
He's too fast.
(Eun Hyuk is too fast, so he gives up.)
Hey, aren't you going to catch him?
(What's wrong with him? Se Chan gave up too soon.)
Where are they?
Keep going, Ji Hyo.
- This is all my team. - Did you find anything, So Min?
- Not even 10 dollars? - No.
We finished too fast.
(Why are Lee Teuk and Jae Seok...)
(in jail already?)
- Over here! - Hey, hey.
(1 minute into the race)
(They were trying to run away,)
(but Dong Hae got them.)
Hey, keep going.
I'm the spy. Listen to me.
Hold on. I'm the spy.
- Where? - Please save me.
(Lee Teuk was there too, so he got eliminated.)
I didn't get to do anything.
(They're so discouraged.)
I haven't done anything. This is no good.
(That's how they ended up here.)
It's hard to find even 10 dollars.
I think none of us here are the spy.
Except for you.
- Why me? - We were out within five minutes.
They got us before the five minute mark.
I think it's Joy...
Joy?
I think it's Eun Hyuk.
- Eun Hyuk? - Yes.
Why?
I just think it's him.
(Eun Hyuk is here.)
- You're not the spy? - Eun Hyuk.
Seok Jin.
I was running away, and I overheard who the spy is.
(Eun Hyuk knows who the spy is?)
What did you hear?
I was running away, and I saw that Joy was caught.
- She was making a deal with them. - What did she say?
She said she's the spy. So if they let her go,
she'll find money for them.
They were very receptive about it.
- They let her go? - Yes.
(Is Joy really the spy?)
Would it be here?
Is it here?
(Glancing around)
Here.
(She finds 1 money box.)
(It's 10 dollars.)
It's money.
It's 10 dollars.
(Joy finds 10 dollars.)
(She finds another box.)
(If she's the spy, the total will get deducted.)
10 dollars.
(Will the 20 dollars get added or deducted?)
(Exclaiming)
(Eun Hyuk finds 10 dollars as well.)
(Will it get added or deducted?)
(What are Joy and Eun Hyuk's identities?)
(Jingle)
(Ye Sung shows up...)
(while running out of breath.)
(My instincts tell me that somebody's here.)
(He finds a rat in the trap.)
(It's Kwang Soo.)
Se Chan!
(Locking)
(Come out, Kwang Soo.)
(I'm a hunter. I don't lose preys.)
(I must find a way out.)
(He finds a window in the back.)
(He finds an escape route and runs away.)
(The hunter doesn't know that.)
(Kwang Soo must be too scared to come out.)
(He'll come out if I hide far away.)
(Grinning)
(Rattling)
(He keeps on checking the door.)
(It's about time he comes out.)
(Kwang Soo is so resilient.)
People...
(Is this a battle of patience?)
(While he's still trying to catch Kwang Soo...)
Here, Jong Kook!
(They're busy catching Eun Hyuk.)
Come here.
Wait, Jong Kook.
I...
(He's the real rat in the trap.)
Please gather.
I... Hold on.
This is...
I'm telling the truth.
You already noticed that I'm the spy.
- Eun Hyuk says he's the spy. - Hold on.
Wait.
- What did he say? - Wait.
- Wait. - Sit down.
- I will. - Get on your knees.
- Get on your knees. - I'll sit.
We eliminated most of them.
We did. We have Eun Hyuk left.
- Don't run away. - We are a team now.
- Eun Hyuk says he's the spy. - Let's do this.
(Eun Hyuk is the spy?)
(When is Kwang Soo coming out?)
It's Kwang Soo.
Do we have to catch him?
(He sees Kwang Soo running away.)
(How can he come from there?)
(The entire team hunts down Kwang Soo.)
Come here.
It's water.
(Splashing)
(He discovers his own escape route.)
Hey.
(What's wrong with him?)
What is he doing?
(That saved Eun Hyuk.)
(I'm going to catch Kwang Soo.)
If you want to get my name tag, come in.
Come on in.
(Jumping)
(Se Chan is persistent.)
- I'm sorry. - Come here.
- Wait, Se Chan. - I'll hold him.
- Wait, you. - I'm the spy.
Are you really the spy?
(It's better to let him live if he's really the spy.)
- Stop lying. - You're the spy?
Hey, we have five minutes left. Finish up.
Haha, get going. I'll finish up here.
- Should we rip off his name tag? - No.
I'll finish up here. Get going.
Why would you finish up?
What? I have something to say to him.
- Hold on. - He's acting weird, right?
No way.
- Why would he say that? - Okay.
- Why would you two talk? - Okay.
- I was wondering what that was. - We talked about something earlier.
- We talked about something. - Get going.
- We're serious. - We'll talk.
(They're suspicious.)
Is Se Chan the spy?
I think it's one of them.
If you move, I'll rip off your name tag.
We need to talk.
Don't worry. I'll finish up.
(What is Se Chan's identity?)
Se Chan is the spy for the other team.
(Se Chan is the spy then.)
We can eliminate Kwang Soo.
(Why is Se Chan not ripping off Kwang Soo's name tag?)
Did you find something?
I found nothing. We didn't find anything.
Continuing this game is useless.
We can rip his off, Dong Hae.
Wait. Why am I getting confused?
No, we're right.
(If he's the spy, he'll try to help the other team.)
(Slipping)
I found it.
(He found a box?)
I got 10 dollars. Okay!
(Did Se Chan just help Kwang Soo?)
Let's rip his name tag off.
(What's going on?)
Hold on.
(He's close to ripping it off.)
(What are they doing?)
What's going on?
He got my name tag.
- Ye Sung. - Jong Kook.
Ye Sung and Dong Hae!
- Wait. - Stand up.
- He's the spy. - Jong Kook!
- Is he? - Rip it.
Find the rest.
Rip his name tag off.
Look. I'm sure he's the spy.
I checked if he was the spy.
He hid a box here.
I checked to confirm whether he's the spy or not.
- Are you sure? - He got tricked.
(Is Se Chan telling the truth? Or is he the spy?)
I think it might be Se Chan.
(There are a few suspects left.)
I'm going to work hard...
and eliminate two people.
I'm a cop rather than a thief. I like catching people.
- Okay. Let's go. - Okay.
Jong Kook, let's have one each.
We need energy.
We worked hard, so we need some vitamin.
Dong Hae.
Don't give it to the spy.
It's not me, Haha. Stop picking on me.
- Okay. Let's drink this first. - Please.
- Should we toast? - Let's do that.
We are going into defense mode now.
Let's drink this...
- and defend well. - Let's work hard.
- Let's do this. - Good luck, spy.
Spy, good luck.
I can feel the vitamin flowing throughout my body.
The countdown will begin.
I'll catch all of them.
Let's survive first.
Five,
- four, - Let's go.
three,
two,
one.
Race starts.
Let's end this.
(Team Big Nose starts their attack.)
They're there underneath.
That's jackpot.
(They're all there.)
Are there boxes here? They might be here.
They must be,
but I looked earlier and there were none.
(Where are the boxes?)
There's nobody here, right?
(She looks left and right and fetches the money.)
I got it.
(She's meticulous.)
- They're here. - Where?
Here. Jong Kook.
Oh, gosh.
(They run away.)
Here. Jong Kook.
(They're after Jong Kook.)
Darn it.
(They corner Jong Kook.)
- Where did he go? - He's climbing.
Catch him.
(Climbing)
(He's ascending the rope.)
Catch him.
Jong Kook.
Come down.
You'll come down at one point.
- You'll come down at one point. - Come down.
- Jong Kook. - Come down.
How did he do that? Jong Kook.
(Irene escaped thanks to Jong Kook.)
(She's startled.)
(Lee Teuk sees her.)
Hold on. Lee Teuk.
Wait. I am the spy.
- Get her. - Wait. I'm the spy.
I'm serious.
In 1, 2, 3.
Lee Teuk.
(Ripping)
We caught one. Let's go.
Who's that?
(Ji Hyo was looking for a chance. She makes her move.)
(But Eun Hyuk is right in front of her.)
What are you?
(She bumps into the fastest person here.)
What are you? What's this?
Find it. Take that.
(Find it. Take that.)
Really? Eun Hyuk.
(Eun Hyuk tells her where the box is.)
(What is his identity?)
(Spy)
(He's the spy of Team Big Nose.)
There's so much pressure.
You saw earlier.
(He started doing his job right away.)
(He gave away answers during Guess the Amount mission.)
He's too fast.
(And during dibidibidip, he helped the other team discretely.)
You shouldn't be slower than me.
(He looks innocent, but he has 12 years of experience on TV.)
I think I'm a good spy.
(He's proud of himself.)
You should catch the other guys.
Catch them.
(Throwing)
(He throws the bell.)
(It doesn't look like Jong Kook is planning on coming down.)
Hey, get up there.
- Why can't you go up there? - We have to climb up...
and rip his name tag off.
He'll just keep going up.
- Shake it. - Keep an eye on him.
All right?
- Don't let him do anything. - Okay.
- Make sure he doesn't come down. - That's right.
Let's see how long you can stay there.
(Collapsing)
How did you get up there?
(Sliding)
(He descends since Seok Jin is alone.)
I came down since it's just you. I wanted to rest.
Hey!
Come here.
- He's calling you. - Did he come down?
Go. Hurry.
Hey.
(Who's attacking and who's defending here?)
Go. Go somewhere else.
Gosh.
(As soon as Kwang Soo comes, he runs away.)
Catch him.
(It's a race between the tiger and the giraffe.)
That hurt my pride.
(He's in wreck.)
There he is.
(Haha finds some get-together money.)
Irene.
You didn't get caught, right?
- I got caught. - Sorry?
I got caught.
Why are you so bad?
(He tries to give away the fact that he's the spy.)
I wanted to help you.
Eun Hyuk is here!
(Seeing Jong Kook doesn't faze him.)
We are on the same side, Irene.
- Really? - Of course.
Jong Kook, I am not lying when I say this.
I found a box and gave it to Ji Hyo.
I am not lying. You have to trust me.
Please wait.
(He ties and unties the laces for minutes.)
Okay.
(Se Chan is suspected of being the spy.)
Okay. 10 dollars.
Se Chan, how much did you find?
10 dollars.
(If Se Chan is the spy, they lose 10 dollars.)
- Are you the spy? - No.
Look, I am not the spy.
What are you doing?
(Give me the box, you spy.)
- Ji Hyo. - Give it to me.
Ji Hyo, we are on the same team.
- Why are you attacking me? - You are the spy.
- I am not the spy. - You are.
- Are you the spy? - You are the spy, right?
- Are you the spy? - I am not the spy.
- I am not the spy. - I am not the spy.
Why did you...
(They are suspicious of each other.)
What is going on?
(Teuk appears.)
(When Teuk attacks Se Chan,)
(Ji Hyo runs for her life.)
(Kwang Soo, get Se Chan.)
Kwang Soo, corner Se Chan.
(Se Chan and Kwang Soo go into the 2nd round in water.)
Kwang Soo!
Kwang Soo! Kwang Soo!
My goodness.
Get him.
(Eun Hyuk, the spy, joins the chase.)
I can't be eliminated. I can't be eliminated.
(Ripping)
Kwang Soo!
(Se Chan is out.)
I went into the water again because of you.
- I got him. - Who?
- I got Se Chan. - Se Chan?
I did a good job of pretending to get him. Perfect.
- Be quiet, Joy. - For goodness' sake.
Otherwise, I will say that you are the spy.
(He will say that Joy is the spy.)
For goodness' sake.
Ye Sung. Ye Sung.
Rip it off.
That way.
(He plays an active role in ripping off the other's name tag.)
You saw me get him, right?
(Proud)
I have to do this to avoid suspicion.
Who is out?
(Eun Hyuk, Irene, Ye Sung, and Se Chan are out.)
Who did we get? Who are still in the game?
- We got most of them. - Jong Kook, Haha...
- Ji Hyo. - What?
- Ji Hyo. - She is out.
That means Jong Kook and Haha remain.
There he is.
(Teuk finds Jong Kook.)
- Where? - There he is.
There he is.
(The tiger hunt begins.)
(3 minutes remain until the end of the 2nd round.)
(Teuk succeeds in cornering the tiger.)
I could feel that someone was watching me.
(There are only two of us.)
(Jong Kook defends himself as if he is attacking.)
Over here!
My goodness.
Come on out, Jong Kook.
Let's fight.
(Let's fight.)
(What is she talking about?)
- What are you talking about? - I should run away.
I have you by my side.
People call us the three idiots these days.
(People call us the three idiots these days.)
I am not an idiot.
- I am not an idiot. - You are the biggest idiot.
(Meanwhile, Haha, the other survivor,)
(finds another box that contains get-together money.)
(This is his 2nd box.)
We need to put an end to this.
Over here!
My goodness.
(I recognize this voice.)
(Joy and Kwang Soo follow Teuk's voice.)
Here!
- Hurry up. - What is going on?
My goodness.
Since when were you in this position?
(Ripping)
Joy ripped it off.
(Jong Kook is out.)
You were gone for a pretty long time.
(Teuk is the top contributor in catching Jong Kook.)
- My goodness. - Race With Bells ends.
(Race With Bells ends.)
(Both teams have similar amount of get-together money.)
Now, it's time to find the spies.
(Arresting the spy gives the team 50 dollars.)
Team Big Nose will go first.
- To be honest, I am not sure. - I have no idea.
- We will go by the majority rule. - Let's do that.
(They decide to go by the majority rule.)
(Nervous)
Eun Hyuk.
I could hear that!
(Flustered)
- I could hear that! - Eun Hyuk.
(I don't need to hide the answer when Eun Hyuk is the spy.)
I think it's either Joy or Eun Hyuk.
(The 2 of them are the suspects.)
Me too.
Except for Eun Hyuk, everyone voted for Eun Hyuk.
Joy...
It doesn't make sense that Joy found 20 dollars.
(He throws them off.)
- I don't know anymore. - I think it's Joy.
I think it's Joy.
- We worked together. - Did you see that?
Did you see her facial expression?
- I think it's Joy. - Did you see her facial expression?
- It's not me. - It's her.
- Let's vote again. - I vote for Joy too.
Where did you find the 20 dollars?
I found 10 dollars inside the pot over there.
Then I found another 10 dollars inside the pot over there.
- Of course you did. - Let's go with Joy.
- No! - In 1, 2, 3.
- Joy! - Joy!
(We think Joy is the spy.)
It makes no sense that she found two boxes in the pots.
(Eun Hyuk leads them to vote for innocent Joy.)
What is Team Hare and Tortoise's decision?
In one...
(Who is the spy in Team Hare and Tortoise?)
Two.
(Is it Se Chan,)
(who chased after Eun Hyuk but gave up so easily?)
Eun Hyuk is fast!
(He behaved in a suspicious way when he caught Kwang Soo.)
2, 3.
- Se Chan. - Se Chan.
It's not me.
(The teams' choices are Se Chan and Joy.)
Team Big Nose's spy...
is...
not Joy but Eun Hyuk.
For goodness' sake.
Our first guess was right.
(Why did you get fooled at the last moment?)
I am sorry, Joy.
Who said we should vote for Joy?
You did a good job.
- I helped you find the money. - Thank you.
He showed me where the box is.
- He showed me where the box is. - I really like this team.
I wanted to join this team.
I will reveal the spy of Team Hare and Tortoise.
(Who is the spy in Team Hare and Tortoise?)
(Everyone voted for Se Chan.)
(If Se Chan is the spy, the team wins 50 dollars.)
Team Hare and Tortoise's spy...
It has to be him.
(Who is the spy in Team Hare and Tortoise?)
is...
(Is it Se Chan?)
not Se Chan...
but Haha.
(Haha is the spy.)
(Annoyed)
Why did you vote for me?
(I got you fooled, right?)
(Checking his identity)
(I am the spy.)
(He signaled Team Big Nose.)
(He worked hard to give the penalty to Team Hare and Tortoise.)
(During the race)
(Take this.)
(He gave the get-together money to Team Big Nose.)
(When he found Joy in hiding...)
(I am the spy.)
(Really?)
(Tell people that I am the spy.)
(Having played the spy race for 8 years...)
(made him the perfect spy.)
Haha.
- Haha. - Thank you for your hard work.
- Seriously. - You did a good job.
- Seriously. - Seriously.
It must have been hard to be in that team.
Let's get the total.
Team Big Nose started with 60 dollars...
and found 40 dollars.
Since Eun Hyuk found 10 dollars, the team has 90 dollars.
90 dollars.
Team Hare and Tortoise started with 60 dollars and found 60 dollars.
Since Haha found 20 dollars, the team has 100 dollars.
Team Hare and Tortoise wins.
We won!
Haha became the bad person for nothing.
Haha, good job.
Team Hare and Tortoise gets the chicken party...
- with 100 dollars. - Okay.
(Team Hare and Tortoise gets the chicken party.)
(Spicy and sweet)
Please enjoy.
You contributed the most.
- Eat up, Eun Hyuk. - Okay.
We almost didn't get to eat this.